Este archivo se está editando en la rama test

The promoter is: Spectator Ltd (company no. 1232804) whose registered office is at 22 Old Queen Street. The competition is open to residents of the United Kingdom aged 18 years or over except employees of The Spectator and their close relatives and anyone otherwise connected with the organisation or judging of the competition. There is no entry fee and no purchase necessary to enter this competition. By entering this competition, an entrant is indicating his/her agreement to be bound by these terms and conditions. Only one entry will be accepted per person. Multiple entries from the same person will be disqualified. Closing date for entry will be 05/09/2019. After this date the no further entries to the competition will be permitted. No responsibility can be accepted for entries not received for whatever reason. The rules of the competition and how to enter are as follows:

The Spectator reserves the right to cancel or amend the competition and these terms and conditions without notice in the event of a catastrophe, war, civil or military disturbance, act of God or any actual or anticipated breach of any applicable law or regulation or any other event outside of the promoter’s control. Any changes to the competition will be notified to entrants as soon as possible by the promoter.
The Spectator is not responsible for inaccurate prize details supplied to any entrant by any third party connected with this competition.
The prize is as follows:
The prize is as stated and no cash or other alternatives will be offered. The prizes are not transferable. Prizes are subject to availability and we reserve the right to substitute any prize with another of equivalent value without giving notice.

Winners will be chosen: (05/09/2019) at random by software, from all entries received and verified by Spectator and or its agents.
The winner will be notified by email within 28 days of the closing date. If the winner cannot be contacted or do not claim the prize within 14 days of notification, we reserve the right to withdraw the prize from the winner and pick a replacement winner.
The promoter will notify the winner when and where the prize can be collected / is delivered.
The promoter’s decision in respect of all matters to do with the competition will be final and no correspondence will be entered into.
By entering this competition, an entrant is indicating his/her agreement to be bound by these terms and conditions.
The competition and these terms and conditions will be governed by [English] law and any disputes will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of [England].
Any personal data relating to the winner or any other entrants will be used solely in accordance with current [UK] data protection legislation and will not be disclosed to a third party without the entrant’s prior consent.
Entry into the competition will be deemed as acceptance of these terms and conditions.
This promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, Facebook, Twitter or any other Social Network. You are providing your information to The Spectator and not to any other party. The information provided will be used in conjunction with the following Privacy Policy found at https://www.spectator.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Some additional Terms and Conditions which you might wish to include if relevant:
The Spectator

will judge the competition and decide on the winner each week, which will be picked at random from all complete entries via Twitter.

The Spectator ‘s decision as to those able to take part and selection of winners is final. No correspondence relating to the competition will be entered into.
The Spectator shall have the right, at its sole discretion and at any time, to change or modify these terms and conditions, such change shall be effective immediately upon posting to this webpage.
The Spectator also reserves the right to cancel the competition if circumstances arise outside of its control.